Falcon - adding status to cs-falcon-search-device (#11823)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/1_2_14.md

#### Integrations
##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - Added *Status* as an output in **cs-falcon-search-device**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *Status* as an output in the war room for the ***cs-falcon-search-device*** command.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added *Status* as an output to the ***cs-falcon-search-device*** command.
```
